Terms of Service
for all PolyWizardry Entertainment Products
including but NOT LIMITED to Revival of Azh'Rak, other Games, and the Website.

I. SPECIFIC TERMS
1. Games will be referred to by their specific names.
2. "Us" and all of its forms refers to PolyWizardry Entertainment.
3. "You" and all of its forms refer to you, the end user.

II. End User License Agreement Specifically Relating to our Games
1. ALL Games are the property of PolyWizardry Entertainment. When you "get" a game or purchase it, the game is not exclusively yours. Instead, PolyWizardry Entertainment issues you a license to enable you to play that game. PolyWizardry Entertainment reserves the exclusive right to revoke game licenses when deemed necessary and within reason.
2. PolyWizardry Entertainment does not guarantee the longevity of our games, nor the platforms they are released upon. Certain platforms such as BUT NOT LIMITED to Steam and the Xbox One Platform may deteriorate and shut down in the future. In the case of such an occurrence, PolyWizardry Entertainment will not be held responsible for the continuation of the playability of our games. The platforms may choose to make games playable and extend longevity, and we will decide whether or not to cooperate with the platform.
3. Service-Level Agreements are not available for our games. We are not responsible for making sure games run correctly and properly. Customer support is available for our games, but we do not guarantee that we will be able to solve your problem. There is also a section in the forums for peer-based support, but that does not guarantee that your problem will be solved, either. The refund policy for all our games is limited by the refund policy of the platform the games are played on.
Steam Refund Policy: http://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds	


III. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND GOVERNMENT
1. We will abide by all conditions and laws set by the government. We expect that you will also do so. If the purchase of one of our products is illegal in your country, please abide by your country's laws and refrain from such a purchase.
2. Pirating content is illegal. Please do not pirate our products and instead please support us through the purchase of our games. If it is discovered that you have pirated one or more of our products, we may take necessary legal action.